---
title: quotes
layout: default
---

> Je n'ai fait celle-ci plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le
loisir de la faire plus courte.

\- Blaise Pascal


> Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it
is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so
positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by
science.

\- Charles Darwin


> Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by
stupidity.

\- Robert J. Hanlon


> One good thing about music, when it hits you feel no pain.

\- Bob Marley


> Could the straggling thoughts of individuals be collected, they
would frequently form materials for wise and able men to improve into
useful matter.

\- Thomas Paine


> But it does me no injury for my neighbour to say there are twenty
gods, or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.

\- Thomas Jefferson


> I once believed that man was different from other animals, but Yodok
showed me that reality doesn't support this opinion. In the camp,
there was no difference between man and beast, except maybe that a
very hungry human was capable of stealing food from its little ones
while an animal, perhaps, was not.

\- Kang Chol-hwan


> Their poverty and economic inferiority are too often taken as a
reflection of some natural inferiority.

\- Kang Chol-hwan


> And my orders are to weed out all non-hackers who do not pack the
gear to serve in my beloved Corps.

\- Gunnery Sergeant Hartman


> The Lomas Financial Corporation is a perfectly hedged financial
institution: it loses money in every conceivable interest rate
environment.

\- Steve Eisman


> The test of originality for an idea is not the absence of one single
predecessor but the presence of multiple but incompatible ones.

\- Nassim Nicholas Taleb


> An idea starts to be interesting when you get scared of taking it to
its logical conclusion.

\- Nassim Nicholas Taleb


> When you sell options, treat the possible as likely. When you buy
them, treat the likely as merely possible.

\- Nassim Nicholas Taleb


> Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never
to show their absence!

\- Edsger W. Dijkstra


> No wonder we hate these motherfuckers.

\- Muhammad Ali


> There are no random numbers; only random number generators.

\- Nemo


> Emancipate yourself from the idea of a celestial dictatorship and
you've taken the first step to becoming free.

\- Christopher Hitchens


> What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without
evidence.

\- Christopher Hitchens


> No testimony is sufficient to establish a miracle, unless the
testimony be of such a kind, that its falsehood would be more
miraculous than the fact which it endeavors to establish.

\- David Hume


> Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we
fly to heaven.

\- William Shakespeare


> We were seeing things that were 25 standard deviation moves, several
days in a row.

\- David Viniar


> History is more or less bunk. It's tradition. We don't want
tradition. We want to live in the present, and the only history that
is worth a tinker's damn is the history that we make today.

\- Henry Ford


> In the case of financial derivatives transactions involving
professional counterparties, the PWG concluded that regulation was
unnecessary for these purposes because financial derivatives generally
are not readily susceptible to manipulation and because professional
counterparties can protect themselves against fraud and unfair
practices.

\- Patrick M. Parkinson


> Oh, goddammit, we forgot the silent prayer.

\- Dwight Eisenhower


> During his recitation of the relevant facts, I had been conscious of
a feeling of depression and so I voiced to him my grave misgivings,
first on the basis of my belief that Japan was already defeated and
that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary, and secondly
because I thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion
by the use of a weapon whose employment was, I thought, no longer
mandatory as a measure to save American lives. It was my belief that
Japan was, at that very moment, seeking some way to surrender with a
minimum loss of 'face'.

\- Dwight Eisenhower


> The timeline of the collapse of the Soviet Union can be traced to
September 13, 1985. On this date, Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani, the
minister of oil of Saudi Arabia, declared that the monarchy had
decided to alter its oil policy radically. The Saudis stopped
protecting oil prices, and Saudi Arabia quickly regained its share in
the world market. During the next six months, oil production in Saudi
Arabia increased fourfold, while oil prices collapsed by approximately
the same amount in real terms. As a result, the Soviet Union lost
approximately $20 billion per year, money without which the country
simply could not survive.

\- Егор Тимурович Гайдар


> Dans les champs de l'observation le hasard ne favorise que les
esprits préparés.

\- Louis Pasteur


> In general, an implementation should be conservative in its sending
behavior, and liberal in its receiving behavior.

\- Jon Postel


> In a fight between a bear and an alligator, it is the terrain which
determines who wins.

\- Jim Barksdale


> There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's
life: *The Lord of the Rings* and *Atlas Shrugged*. One is a childish
fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its
unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially
crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world. The other, of
course, involves orcs.

\- John Rogers


> I'm sorry, Dave, but in accordance with special subroutine
C1435-dash-4, quote, When the crew are dead or incapacitated, the
onboard computer must assume control, unquote. I must, therefore,
overrule your authority, since you are not in any condition to
exercise it intelligently.

\- HAL 9000


> Genius without education is like silver in the mine.

\- Benjamin Franklin


> If I were to write a book about how to build non-scalable Oracle
  applications, then Don't use Bind Variables would be the first and
  last chapter.

\- Thomas Kyte


> Everyone has a plan 'til they get punched in the mouth.

\- Mike Tyson


> I'm working my way over to figuring out how I won't answer that.

\- Donald Rumsfeld


> The recovery in profitability has been amazing following the
  reorganisation, leaving Barings to conclude that it was not actually
  terribly difficult to make money in the securities business.

\- Peter Baring
